Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, when the user first visit our application, the first page that you see should be the log in screen.
Okay.
Now, I know that to do this, we're going to need to go to the main door.
That's five.
And this is of this button.
Ava, we are going to change this to the login screen.
Okay.
I think we need cheese.
To import this and I'll also start this.
This is going to take us back to the logging screen.
Okay.
Now let's check it out.
Is going to take us back to the luggage school, right?
Okay.
Not you for any reason.
You don't have an so you can, is it?
It just creates one layer.
But I think I do have an account.
So we'll just sign in with our accounts and you can have an account.
Or a test user at Gmail that's calm and.
The password is a Y and a C.
Okay.
Click on the log in.
This is going to take us now to the home screen.
Okay.
But the issue is, if we should restart also status, it's going to take us back to the login screen.
And that's means a user needs to log in all the time whenever they want to use this app.
Right.
And which I think is going to be a very bad design, which is going to take us back to the log in screen.
I know that's easy.
So I figured we need to log in.
Right.
Okay.
Now, what we're going to do is when a user first log, the log, when these are first log in, we're
going to see that user section so they don't have to log in all the time again.
Okay.
When they get to do this, they're gonna need to go to the main that that's fine.
And now we can then use click through and be in order to make this right.
Okay, nice.
Out of this log in screen, we're going to get rid of this for now and only something.
Nord Stream.
View the.
Okay.
Street view there.
Is going to take into view the right.
Okay.
There's going to be contests.
And Canada, comma and.
Passes something known as SNAP.
Shuts.
You can just call this user Snapchat's user.
Snapchat.
You can see this user snapshot as the variable which has access to our data in the Firebase OC.
Now they're going to use this function.
And OC nasal distributor has something on us stream.
Okay, well, this trend is going to be Firebase Horse.
Dot EastEnders then dot all states changes.
This is going to check if we are either logged in or not.
Okay.
Now over here, we're going to do some if announced statements or you're going to say if.
User snap.
Snapshot Dodd's condition state is equal to.
Connection.
On neck shows take note within that is it is trying to fetch that data right.
So what I just will do is to be told a sense how widgets.
Since our jet.
And the child of the sense how we get is going to be a secular of progress.
Secular.
Progress.
Okay.
Circle.
Circle our progress indicator to show to the user that it is currently loaded.
Okay.
Now if.
They're going to say if user snapshots starts.
Coalition states.
Is equal to.
Clinician.
States.
Condition status active.
Okay.
We are then going to do an initial check.
We are going to see if use a.
Snapshot again.
Dots has data, that is if the user is currently logged in.
Okay.
I'm going to get rid of this for us.
There's no harm to this, okay?
If the user is granted all the rights, then.
All we just have to say.
All you have to do is to take the user.
So you can see we can.
But.
What?
Tom now.
Okay.
Then else.
Else.
Right.
Okay, return.
Retired.
They're going to return the user to the log in screen.
Okay.
Yet we can observe the house.
I think.
Over.
Okay.
This for this.
Can do as if.
Over here.
As if.
Else if the user.
It's a snapshot that has era.
If we have error, we can add this.
Okay.
I think that's it's not.
The okay of this.
So.
Okay.
User snapshot that has zero.
Then.
We just want to return it since we jets to return it center.
We just.
These are.
Which is to say something.
What's wrong?
Okay.
Now the case.
You can see we are still in this era, I think.
Well, you can see a return.
Okay.
Diya is gone.
It can just return an empty container for now.
Okay.
Now, how to start this?
I think I'm just gonna come back to this again.
So you understand how the process works again.
Okay.
Check.
Now, you can see currently we just logged in, so that's why it has to take us back to this log in
screen.
Okay, now definitely just snuggle around.
We just basically use this in order to get rid of that here.
Okay, now hold.
We start this to make sure it is working accurately.
Currently we have data, right?
So the.
Bottle noire has been displayed.
Okay.
Now what we are simply saying, we are simply using a distributor.
And as I said, distributor has a property known as Stream.
And the way we are sent, firebase, that is to start the changes is going to basically check if we
are either logged in or not.
Then why are you in the view there?
We have the contest and as well something known as user snapshots.
You can see this uses snapshots as a variable that has access to our Firebase data or our cloud store
data.
Right.
And that's where we actively check in.
You.
These are snapshots of this coalition state.
That is it is trying to refresh the data, then we just want to return is sent to Egypt.
We just want to center our circle.
That progress indicator.
Okay.
Right.
And over year.
We are saying if it has finished loaded that's that says if use a snapshot doctors clinicians states
and say to clinicians stay active.
Then we are also checking again if the user as data if the user has data they want to telling the user
to the home screen.
That is the bottom of our house.
We just want to.
Keep the log in screen.
That's means.
There is no current user, no value where we are using an in-house use statement.
I think we can just get rid of this.
Okay.
Now that's a keep our code more simple.
Ah, since that's we barely run.
Okay.
We can also start this again.
So make sure.
It is accurately work in.
Okay.
Great.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.